12.09.2022. 3:30PM PT Gpup hci 22h2 release scenario 40059391 (#3145)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/hyper-v/Get-VMGpuPartitionAdapter.md

---
description: Gets the information of assigned GPU partitions to a virtual machine.
external help file: Microsoft.HyperV.PowerShell.Cmdlets.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Hyper-V
ms.date: 09/22/2022

> online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/hyper-v/get-vmgpupartitionadapter?view=windowsserver2022-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/hyper-v/get-vmgpupartitionadapter?view=windowsserver2022-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
```

schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-VMGpuPartitionAdapter

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the information of assigned GPU partitions to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

### VMName (Default)
```
Get-VMGpuPartitionAdapter [-CimSession <CimSession[]>] [-ComputerName <String[]>]
 [-Credential <PSCredential[]>] [-VMName] <String[]> [-AdapterId <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### VMObject
```
Get-VMGpuPartitionAdapter [-VM] <VirtualMachine[]> [-AdapterId <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-VMGpuPartitionAdapter** cmdlet gets the information of assigned graphic processing unit partitions to a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> $testvm = get-VM "TestVM"
Get-VMGpuPartitionAdapter -VM $testvm
```

> Display the GPU information assigned to a VM object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Displays the GPU information assigned to a VM object.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -AdapterId

> Virtual machine GPU partition identification number that you are interested in displaying

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Displays the identification number of the virtual machine GPU partition that you want to display.
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CimSession
Runs the cmdlet in a remote session or on a remote computer.
Enter a computer name or a session object, such as the output of a [New-CimSession](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227967) or [Get-CimSession](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227966) cmdlet.
The default is the current session on the local computer.

```yaml
Type: CimSession[]
Parameter Sets: VMName
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ComputerName

> Specifies one or more Hyper-V hosts on the virtual network adapters are to be retrieved.
> NetBIOS names, IP addresses, and fully qualified domain names are allowable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies that one or more Hyper-V hosts on the virtual network adapters are to be retrieved.
NetBIOS names, IP addresses, and fully qualified domain names are allowed.
```

NetBIOS names, IP addresses, and fully qualified domain names are allowed.
The default is the local computer.
Use localhost or a dot ('.') to specify the local computer explicitly.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: VMName
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies one or more user accounts that have permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential[]
Parameter Sets: VMName
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VM

> Specifies the virtual machine whose virtual network adapters are to be retrieved. The asterisk, ('*'), is the wildcard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the virtual machine whose virtual network adapters are to be retrieved. The asterisk ('*') is the wildcard.
```

If it is specified the cmdlet returns virtual network adapters from every virtual machine in the system.

```yaml
Type: VirtualMachine[]
Parameter Sets: VMObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine whose network adapters are to be retrieved.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: VMName
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```
